Adds blog post for Hex Preview (#1000)
hexpm/hexpm: lib/hexpm_web/templates/blog/014-introducing-hex-preview.html.md

It is important to note that this was built on top of all the work that was put into [diff.hex.pm](https://diff.hex.pm). Preview relies on much of the code contributed to that project (thanks, in no small part, to [Johanna Larsson](https://github.com/joladev).)

### What does it do?

Hex Preview is an online tool for viewing the source files of a Hex package. By searching for the package name, and then selecting a version number, you will see all of the files contained in the release.

### Cant I already do this on Github?

No, not really. While it is likely the source code of a Github project is the same as the source code in a release, there is absolutely no guarantee that is the case.

It is important to consider any packages you bring into a project need to be vetted for security and quality just as you would vet the project code itself. A malicious actor could very well introduce a security flaw in a Hex release and then put different code on Github. If you are only using Github source to review packages you are making a mistake.

### How were people doing this before?

> The only way to audit package code before now was to download the package tarball and review it locally. This is still a totally valid method, but I think Hex Preview will be much simpler.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before today, users would have to manually fetch the tarball, unpack it, and inspect its contents. While this is still a totally valid method, I hope Hex Preview will make it easier. What's more, each file in a package will now have an URL that you can share.
```

It is important to note that this was built on top of all the work that was put into [diff.hex.pm](https://diff.hex.pm). Preview relies on much of the code contributed to that project (thanks, in no small part, to [Johanna Larsson](https://github.com/joladev).)

### What does it do?

Hex Preview is an online tool for viewing the source files of a Hex package. By searching for the package name, and then selecting a version number, you will see all of the files contained in the release.

### Cant I already do this on Github?

No, not really. While it is likely the source code of a Github project is the same as the source code in a release, there is absolutely no guarantee that is the case.

It is important to consider any packages you bring into a project need to be vetted for security and quality just as you would vet the project code itself. A malicious actor could very well introduce a security flaw in a Hex release and then put different code on Github. If you are only using Github source to review packages you are making a mistake.

### How were people doing this before?

> The only way to audit package code before now was to download the package tarball and review it locally. This is still a totally vaalid method, but I think Hex Preview will be much simpler.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The only way to audit package code before now was to download the package tarball and review it locally. This is still a totally valid method, but I think Hex Preview will be much simpler.
```
